so now we're gonna work on the back hand
hug okay put back hand hug it's very
simple because you can use all of your
body to generate a lot of power okay so
to begin with morning in our normal
stance okay face it downfield and for
the back end we want try to do is we
want to get as much potential energy as
possible so we want to load up our hips
our legs and our upper body to be able
to unleash that hardback hand hug okay
so we step across
you want to come completely across to
torque our body and get all our
potential energy headed downfield
okay once we've done this okay the next
step is you want to get our body down so
we can activate our core and our upper
body from here our arm is naturally in
line for this inside-out throat okay and
this is the throw we want for the
backhand Hawk if you get it's gonna be
able to break the wind and she'll be
able to level out and sail very long
distance okay so first we're gonna step
across load up shoulder down and we're
gonna come through okay I want to keep
our arms straight because the straighter
we are and the further we are from our
pivot the longer the radial arm is so we
generate the most force and the most
speed with the disc if we're in tight
even if we traveled the same speed we're
traveling the less distance so the disc
is not moving as fast so you want to get
this far out of the extended from our
body as we can to generate that power
okay is our grip very tough now we can
grip it either with all four fingers
down here maybe one finger out a little
more or anything that feels comfortable
the kids want to grip it tight so tight
that were flexing the disc okay and
doing this we step across and we
generate this power the discipline
wobble and it'll activate all our little
muscles in our wrists and our arm okay
just keeping it straight and strong for
that backhand huh